Release 4.5 (#972)
Azure/ARO-RP: docs/publish-rhcos-image.md

# Publish RHCOS image

> Each release we need to re-publish RHCOS image into azure cloud partners portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each release we need to re-publish the RHCOS image into the Azure cloud partner portal.
```

1. Once new installer is vendored run `make vendor` to update local vendor directory.

> 1. Run `make generate` to update generated content

Reviewer: `make vendor` does this for you

Author: not anymore :)

1. Run `go run ./hack/rhcos-sas/rhcos-sas.go` to copy RHCOS image. This might take a while.

1. Command above will output SAS URL. Publish it via (partner)[https://partner.microsoft.com/] portal.

> If you need images/icons for the offer, you can find them in `docs/img`.

Reviewer: I don't love this location but I don't have an obvious better suggestion
